this intimacy also allowed me to see
things I quite frankly could never have
spotted if I were following a purely
wild family hmm
he's lost his first teeth takis lost his
canines eight months old and the first
big baby teeth have gone
you're growing up boy ah it still hurt
yeah they're still sharp being with them
like this did have its problems though I
wanted them to be more independent but
as long as we were walking with them
they'd be looking to us for guidance the
whole time also I simply couldn't keep
up with them when they set off hunting
nor could I hide as well as they could
in the grass we'd reached a point in
there growing up when I had to start
putting more distance between us for me
to stay close and not disturb their prey
I began to use the car as a mobile Hyatt
most of the animals here in lei WA are
used to seeing vehicles and they pretty
much ignore them this way I could keep a
close eye on toki and Sambu as they
practiced hunting without disturbing
them or their prey and they certainly
needed a lot of practice time and again
they'd chase animals that were way too
big and potentially very dangerous for
them
a direct kick from a zebra could easily
crush their skull and my heart was in my
throat every time they decided to take
on the heavyweights
there were times when it felt just too
close
you may be fast on your feet you got a
lot to learn